Add a way to redirect logout to a third party url (#2)
r2d2bzh/docker-fusiondirectory: README.md

### ICP number support

> The [ICP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICP_license) can be passed as the following environment variable ICP_NUMBER. It is then assigned to the icpNumber variable inside index.php.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ICP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICP_license) can be passed through the ICP_NUMBER environment variable. It is then assigned to the icpNumber variable inside index.php.
```
